README.md, before:


# Professional README Generator 

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

* View the [Github Repo](https://github.com/girmaD/Professional_README_Generator)


## Description
  This project is a command-line application that dynamically generates a professional README.md file from a user's input using the Inquirer package.

## Table Of Contents 
* [Installation Instructions](#Installation-Instructions)
* [How To Use The App](#How-To-Use-The-App)
* [Contributing Guidelines](#Contributing-Guidelines)
* [Test Information](#Test-Information)
* [License](#License)
* [Questions](#Questions)


## Installation Instructions

 * Fork and Use it - just acknowledge that it is not your work

## How To Use The App
  -	Open this application in the terminal
-	Run node index.js
-	Answer each prompted question carefully
-	A README.md file will be created when you finish all the questions.


## Contributing Guidelines
 * contact me on the email provided below

## Test Information
  * No test specified

## License

 * MIT

## Questions

Should you have any questions about this project,
  * you can reach me through email: [girma.derib@gmail.com](mailto:girma.derib@gmail.com) 
  * or visit my [Github Profile](https://github.com/girmaD) for more information.

Commit message:

add a video demo link to the README.md

README.md, after:


# Professional README Generator 

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

* View the [Github Repo](https://github.com/girmaD/Professional_README_Generator)


## Description
  This project is a command-line application that dynamically generates a professional README.md file from a user's input using the Inquirer package.

## Table Of Contents 
* [Installation Instructions](#Installation-Instructions)
* [How To Use The App](#How-To-Use-The-App)
* [Contributing Guidelines](#Contributing-Guidelines)
* [Test Information](#Test-Information)
* [License](#License)
* [Questions](#Questions)


## Installation Instructions

 * Fork and Use it - just acknowledge that it is not your work

## How To Use The App
  -	Open this application in the terminal
-	Run node index.js
-	Answer each prompted question carefully
-	A README.md file will be created when you finish all the questions.
- Link to video showing demo - [Watch the video here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1DACkJzjSkvbtWWiAG7nu4sjSNSguXiCo/view?usp=sharing)


## Contributing Guidelines
 * contact me on the email provided below

## Test Information
  * No test specified

## License

 * MIT

## Questions

Should you have any questions about this project,
  * you can reach me through email: [girma.derib@gmail.com](mailto:girma.derib@gmail.com) 
  * or visit my [Github Profile](https://github.com/girmaD) for more information.
